How many rings are there on the Olympic flag?
How many stars are there on the flag of China?
How many gospels are there in the bible?
How many feet are there in a fathom?
What is the third number in Pi?
What is the atomic number of helium?
How many ruling queens has England had?
How many eyes does a bee have?
How many novels did Oscar Wilde write?
How many red circles are there on a Twister mat?
In Morse code, one dot and four dashes represent which number?
On Mohs scale of hardness, what number is the mineral quartz?
In Buddhism, how many Noble Truths are there?
How many sides does a standard pencil have?
How many Pillars of Islam are there?
How many degrees of separation is the idea that all people on average are this number or fewer, social connections away from each other?
For professional ice hockey, the opening of the goal is how many feet wide?
How many legs does a ladybird have?
Dante described how many Circles of Hell in his epic poem Divine Comedy?
How many different subjects are there in a game of Trivial Pursuit?
A professional football match may not start or continue if either team has fewer than how many players?
How many books are in the Harry Potter series?
As of 2020, how many times has Roger Federer won the Gentlemen's Singles title?
In Disney's The Little Mermaid, how many sisters does Ariel have?
How many stomachs does a cow have?
What is the smallest perfect number?
How many dots are there on the domino in the Domino's pizza logo?
How many planets are there in the solar system?
What number is considered unlucky in Chinese culture?
What number doesn’t have its own Roman numeral?
What is the only even prime number?
What is the most popular lucky number?
What is the only temperature that is the same in Fahrenheit and Celsius?
What is the only number spelled with letters in alphabetical order?
What letter does every odd number have in it?
What does the Roman numeral “L” equal?
How many seconds are in one day?
How many sides does a dodecahedron have?
What number does a giga stand for?
An improper fraction is always greater than what number?
Which number Apollo mission was the spaceflight that landed the first two men on the Moon?
In scrabble, which is the only letter worth 5 points?
How much is in a Baker's Dozen?
What do the sum of all the numbers on a roulette wheel add up to?
Which age do you have to reach to be eligible to become President of the United States?
How many zeros are in one trillion?
What is a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise?
What is the first number with a letter ‘a’ in its name?
In Roman numerals, what does the letter ‘M’ represent?
What is the only two-digit number that is both a square and a cube?
How many time zones in australia?
How many bones are there in the human body?
How many pounds in a kilo?
What percentage of Earth's surface is covered in water?
What is Usain Bolt's top recorded speed?
How high is the Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world?
How many labours performed by Hercules?
How many keys are on a piano?
How many legs are there on a shrimp?
How many countries does Asia have?